Settings ref and guide (#5)
meilisearch/documentation: advanced_guides/ranking.md

 -->

> <!--  -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> MeiliSearch uses ranking rules called `criteria` or `criterion`. They are used in the [bucket sort](/advanced_guides/bucket_sort)

Reviewer: We talk about one criterion (singular) and many criteria (plural)

## Ranking rules

MeiliSearch has default `criteria`.

Here is the list of all the `criteria` that are executed in this specific order by default:

> - `Number of Typos` - The less typos there are beween the query words and the document words, the better is the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Number of Typos` - The less typos there are beween the query words and the document words, the more relevant is the document.
```

> - `Number of Words` - A document containing more of the query words will be more important than one that contains less.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Number of Words` - A document containing more of the query words will be more relevant than one that contains less.
```

> - `Words Proximity` - The closer the query words are in the document the better is the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Words Proximity` - The closer the query words are in the document the more relevant is the document.
```

> - `Attribute` - A document containing the query words in a more important attribute than another document is considered better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Attribute` - A document containing the query words in a more important attribute than another document is considered more relevant.
```

> - `Position` - A document containing the query words at the start of an attribute is considered better than a document that contains them at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Position` - A document containing the query words at the start of an attribute is considered more relevant than a document that contains them in the end.
```

> - `Exact` - A document containing the query words in their exact form, not only a prefix of them, is considered better.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Exact` - A document containing the query words in their exact form, not only a prefix of them, is considered more relevant.
```

## Custom ranking rules

Custom ranking rules gives you the possibility to add new rules. New rules can be added on attributes that has the `ranked` tag in the [schema](/main_concept/indexes.md#ranked).

> A rule is defined by an **attribute** and a **ascendent** `asc` or **descendent** `dsc` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A rule is defined by an **attribute** and an order,  which can be **ascendent** `asc` or **descendent** `dsc`.
```
